#!/bin/bash -e

tips=(
"Idiom: Have a rest.
Explanation:To stop doing a particular activity or stop being active for a period of time in order to relax and get back your strength.
Example Sentence: After gardening all morning, we were so tired that we needed to have a rest."

"Idiom： Have an appointment.
Explanation: A formal arrangement to meet or visit someone at a particular time and place.
Example Sentence: I have an appointment to see the vet at 2 o'clock this afternoon. (vet:兽医)"

"Idiom： A cold fish.
Explanation: A person who seems unfriendly and without strong emotions.
Example Sentence: My neighbour is a cold fish."

"Idiom： Get worse.
Explanation: To become more ill, or to become a more severe condition.
Example Sentence: My cold seems to be getting worse."

"Idiom： Get married.
Explanation: To begin a legal relationship with someone as their husband or wife.
Example Sentence: Brian and Isha got married on a beautiful beach in Jamaica."

"Idiom： Set off.
Explanation: To start on a Trip.
Example Sentence: I have a long way to drive, so I set off nice and early."

"Idiom： Set fire to sth/sb.
Explanation: To cause something or someone to start burning.
Example Sentence: Silvio called the fire department after he accidentally set fire to his shed. (shed: 棚屋)"

"Idiom： Set sail.
Explanation: To begin a trip on a ship or boat.
Example Sentence: The ship set sail for China this morning. It will arrive in 20 days."

"Idiom： Put off
Explanation: To change something to a later time or date. Delay.
Example Sentence: I always put off doing my homework until the last minute."

"Idiom： Put your cards on the table.
Explanation: To express honestly what your plans, ideas, feelings, etc.
Example Sentence: Karen decided to put her cards on the table and tell Ricky that she loved him."

"Idiom： Put it bluntly. (bluntly: 直言地，单刀直入地)
Explanation: To say something simply and without being too polite.
Example Sentence: Seth isn't always the most hardworking employee. To put it bluntly, he's lazy."

"Idiom： Put pressure on.
Explanation: The act of trying to make someone else do something by arguing, persuading, etc.
Example Sentence: My boss is putting pressure on me to sell all this kitchen equipment today."

"Idiom： Put the heat on. (heat: 热量，高温，压力，辣味)
Explanation: To try to persuade or force someone to do something.
Example Sentence: Sakura has been putting the heat on the contractors to finish the job quickly."

"Idiom： Put your foot in your mouth/it.
Explanation: To say or do something that upsets, offends or embarrasses somebody. (embarrass: 使尴尬)
Example Sentence: I really put my foot in it when I asked if Hazel was Tamsin's mother. They are actually sisters."

"Idiom： Go smoothly.
Explanation: Without problems or difficulties.
Example Sentence: My move went smoothly. I had lots of people helping me."

"Idiom： Go bankrupt.
Explanation: Without enough money to pay what you owe.
Example Sentence: Sara's fashion boutique went bankrupt. She couldn't afford the rent. (boutique: 时装店)"

"Idiom： Go nuts.
Explanation: To become extremely angry.
Example Sentence: My sister will go nuts when she finds out I crashed her car."

"Idiom： Come to a standstill. (standstill: 停顿，停止)
Explanation: Have a situation in which all activity or movement has stopped.
Example Sentence: The traffic came to a standstill because of a fallen tree on the road."

"Idiom： Come to an end.
Explanation: To stop or end.
Example Sentence: I'm enjoying my English class, but it's about to come to an end."

"Idiom： Come into effect.
Explanation: To come into use; To begin to apply.
Example Sentence: New controls come into effect next month."

"Idiom： Pay close attention.
Explanation: Listened or watched carefully.
Example Sentence: The children paid close attention to John as he told them about this travels."

"Idiom： Pay back.
Explanation: To return money that you borrowed from somebody
Example Sentence: Did he ever pay you back that \$100 he owes you?"

"Idiom： Pay tribute. (tribute: 礼物，颂辞，体现，贡金)
Explanation: Publicly praised someone for their achievements.
Example Sentence: When our CEO retired, Nisha paid tribute to her with a wonderful speech."

"Idiom： Pay somebody a compliment. (compliment: 赞颂，赞扬)
Explanation: To praise sb. for something.
Example Sentence: Kelly paid me a compliment and said she liked my new haircut."

"Idiom： Hold a grudge. (Grudge: 怨恨，嫌隙)
Explanation: Be still angry about something that happened a long time ago.
Example Sentence: Mark holds a grudge against me because I didn't give him a promotion last year."

"Idiom： Hold your tongue.
Explanation: To say nothing although you would like to give your opinion.
Example Sentence: I had to hold my tongue when Julian showed me his new suit. It was horrible!"

"Idiom：Catch a glimpse of. (glimpse: 一瞥，瞥见)
Explanation: See very briefly.
Example Sentence: Raul caught a glimpse of a deer as he hiked through the forest."

"Idiom： Catch a cold.
Explanation: To become ill with a cold; (informal) To have problems.
Example Sentence: I must have caught a cold from that man who couldn't stop sneezing on the train. (sneeze: 打喷嚏)"

"Idiom： Catch somebody's eye.
Explanation: To attract somebody's attention.
Example Sentence: Can you catch the waiter's eye?"

"Idiom： Catch fire.
Explanation: Start to burn.
Example Sentence: Don't stand so close to the stove. Your clothes could catch fire. (stove: 炉子，厨灶)"

"Idiom： Catch breath.
Explanation: Rest after exercise and breathe more slowly.
Example Sentence: After climbing the stairs, I stopped to catch my breath."

"Idiom： For real.
Explanation: What somebody claims it is or serious.
Example Sentence: I don’t think her tears were for real."

"Idiom： Wake-up call.
Explanation: A telephone call that you arrange to be made to you at a particular time, for example in a hotel, in order to wake you up.I asked for a 6:30 a.m. wake-up call.
Example Sentence: I asked for a 6:30 a.m. wake-up call."

"Idiom： As old as the hills.
Explanation: Very old; Ancient.
Example Sentence: Mary's car is as old as the hills. She refuses to buy a new one."

"Idiom： A clean break.
Explanation: A complete end to any connection with a person, an organization, a way of life, etc.
Example Sentence: She wanted to make a clean break with the past."

"Idiom： As fast as lightning.
Explanation: Very fast.
Example Sentence: These new high-speed trains are great! They are as fast as lightning."

"Idiom： As quiet as a mouse.
Explanation: Very quiet.
Example Sentence: Paul is as quiet as a mouse. He never talks in meetings."

"Idiom： As proud as a peacock. (peacock: 孔雀，雄孔雀)
Explanation: Very proud.
Example Sentence: Fiona looked as proud as a peacock in her new hat."

"Idiom： Curiosity killed the cat.
Explanation: Being too curious can get you into trouble.
Example Sentence: Don't go into that spooky house! Curiosity killed the cat. (spooky: 幽灵般的；令人毛骨悚然的)"

"Idiom: Beauty is in the eye of the beholder.
Explanation: Everyone has their own idea of what is beautiful.
Example Sentence: Azra adores her pet snake. I suppose beauty is in the eye of the beholder. (adore: 非常喜欢，疼爱)"

"Idiom： A picture is worth a thousand words.
Explanation: It is easier to show something in a picture than to describe it using words.
Example Sentence: I can't follow directions unless I have a map. A picture is worth a thousand words."

"Idiom： Absence makes the heart grow fonder. (fond: 喜爱的， 深情的)
Explanation: Being away from someone you love makes you love them more.
Example Sentence: Jakob really misses his girlfriend now that she has gone to the college. Absence makes the heart grow fonder."

"Idiom： Actions speak louder than words.
Explanation: What you do matters more than what you say.
Example Sentence: Don't just say you're going to clean your room, do it! Actions speak louder than words."

"Idiom： All good things come to those who wait.
Explanation: If you wait for something good, you will eventually get it.
Example Sentence: I was so pleased when I finally managed to sell my house for a good price. All good things come to those who wait."

"Idiom： Better late than never.
Explanation: It's better for something to happen late than not to happen at all.
Example Sentence: You were meant to give me this assignment a week ago, but better late than never."

"Idiom： Don't count your chickens before they hatch. (hatch: 孵化)
Explanation: Don't assume that something will happen before the outcome is certain.
Example Sentence: Don't count your chickens before they hatch, Kim! The game is not over yet."

"Idiom： A chain is only as strong as its weakest link.
Explanation: A team is only as strong as its weakest link.
Example Sentence: Flo's incompetence at work is affecting the whole team. A chain is only as strong as its weakest link. (incompetence: 无资格，不胜任)"

"Idiom： A watched pot never boils.
Explanation: Time will pass more quickly if you keep busy while you're waiting for something.
Example Sentence: Stop sitting by the phone waiting to hear if you got the job. A watched pot never boils."

"Idiom： Two heads are better than one.
Explanation: It's helpful to have the advice of a second person.
Example Sentence: I asked Sofia to help me write this difficult report. Two heads are better than one."

"Idiom： A problem shared is a problem halved. (halve: 减半)
Explanation: If you tell someone about a problem, you'll feel better.
Example Sentence: I'm so glad I told Amira I was stressed at work. A problem shared is a problem halved."

"Idiom： The early bird catches the worm.
Explanation: The person who takes the opportunity to do something before other people will have an advantage over them.
Example Sentence: The day the sales began, Tamsin was outside the store at 6 in the morning. The early bird catches the worm."

"Idiom： A bad workman always blames his tools.
Explanation: People who are bad at something blame the equipment they use.
Example Sentence: Logan said the shelf fell down because his drill was broken, but a bad workman always blames his tools. (drill: 钻机)"

"Idiom： Practice makes perfect.
Explanation: A way of encouraging people by telling them that if you do an activity regularly and try to improve your skill, you will become very good at it.
Example Sentence: I have been playing the trumpet every day and I'm really improving. Practice makes perfect. (trumpet: 小号，喇叭)"

"Idiom： You can lead a horse to water, but you can't make it drink.
Explanation: You can give somebody the opportunity to do something, but you cannot force them to do it if they do not want to
Example Sentence: I told Sam about a great job, but he didn't apply. You can lead a horse to water, but you can't make it drink."

"Idiom： You can't judge a book by its cover.
Explanation: You shouldn't make judgments based on appearance.
Example Sentence: I know he looks a bit scary, but my dog is really gentle. You can't judge a book by its cover. (scary: 骇人的，恐怖的)"

"Idiom： A black-tie event.
Explanation: An event for which people have to dress very formally.
Example Sentence: The party was a black-tie event and everyone was really well dressed."

"Idiom： A green thumb.
Explanation: A talent for gardening.
Example Sentence: Paula has a green thumb. She has so many beautiful plants in her house."

"Idiom： A red-letter day.
Explanation: An important or happy day.
Example Sentence: The day I received my degree was a red-letter day for me."

"Idiom： A black eye.
Explanation: A bruise around the eye. (bruise: 清淤，伤痕)
Example Sentence: Sergio got a black eye after he walked into a lamppost."

"Idiom： Green with envy.
Explanation: Very jealous. (jealous:嫉妒的)
Example Sentence: Layla was green with envy when her brother won the lottery."

"Idiom： Out of the blue.
Explanation: Unexpectedly.
Example Sentence: Alyssa knocked on my door out of the blue yesterday. I hadn't seen her for years."

"Idiom： Paint the town red.
Explanation: Go out and celebrate enthusiastically.
Example Sentence: It's my birthday, so I'm going to paint the town red with my friends tonight."

"Idiom： Turn beet-red. (beet: 甜菜)
Explanation: Blushed, was very embarrassed.
Example Sentence: Ela turned beet-red when I caught her copying my homework."

"Idiom： Once in a blue moon.
Explanation: Very rarely.
Example Sentence: Francis only cleans his house once in a blue moon."

"Idiom： A gray area.
Explanation: A situation where the rules are unclear.
Example Sentence: There's a gray area in the office dress code. My boss said it was casual, but she told me I couldn't wear shorts."

"Idiom： A golden opportunity.
Explanation: A good chance to do something rewarding or get something valuable.
Example Sentence: I want to be a teacher, so getting work experience at the school was a golden opportunity for me."

"Idiom： Get the blues.
Explanation: Feel sad.
Example Sentence: I always get the blues when my vacation is over and I have to go back to work."

"Idiom： Burn the candle at both ends.
Explanation: Working very hard, from the early morning until late at night.
Example Sentence: Nicole's burning the candle at both ends. She must be exhausted."

"Idiom： Go the extra mile.
Explanation: To make a special effort to achieve something, help somebody, etc.
Example Sentence: Leo always goes the extra mile to keep our customers happy."

"Idiom： Left no stone unturned.
Explanation: Did everything possible to solve a problem.
Example Sentence: The police left no stone unturned in their efforts to solve the crime."

"Idiom： Snow under.
Explanation: Extremely busy, or overwhelmed.
Example Sentence: Samire was snowed under with complaints from unhappy customers."

"Idiom： Put one's head down.
Explanation: Concentrate and work hard.
Example Sentence: Celia had to put her head down and finish her essay to meet the deadline."

"Idiom： Take 40 winks.
Explanation: Have a short sleep.
Example Sentence: Akash usually takes 40 winks after he's finished his lunch."

"Idiom： Put one's feet up.
Explanation: Have a rest.
Example Sentence: After a long day working at the store, Marc likes to put his feet up and watch TV."

"Idiom： Cut corners.
Explanation: Try to do things quickly and cheaply without thinking of quality.
Example Sentence: If you cut corners to save time, the quality of your work will suffer."

"Idiom： Not lift a finger.
Explanation: Do absolutely nothing.
Example Sentence: Carmen was so lazy. He didn't lift a finger to help us clean up after the party."

"Idiom： A slacker.
Explanation: A very lazy person.
Example Sentence: Brandon is a slacker. He looks at his phone all day and ignores the customers."

"Idiom： At a snail's pace. (snail: 蜗牛)
Explanation: Extremely slowly.
Example Sentence: The traffic usually moves at a snail's pace during the rush hour."

"Idiom： Forge ahead. (forge:形成；伪造；稳步前进；锻造)
Explanation: To move forward quickly; to make a lot of progress quickly.
Example Sentence: The hikers forged ahead in spite of the terrible snowstorm."

"Idiom： Stretch my legs.
Explanation: Go for a short walk after sitting down for a long time.
Example Sentence: I've been at my desk all day. I'm going to stretch my legs and make some coffee."

"Idiom： Blaze a trail. (blaze: 燃烧，闪耀)
Explanation: Do something that has never been done before.
Example Sentence: Our company has blazed a trail with these new environmentally friendly cars."

"Idiom： Set the wheels in motion.
Explanation: Done something to start a process.
Example Sentence: I want to buy a house this year, so I've set the wheels in motion and arranged some viewings."

"Idiom： Slowly but surely.
Explanation: Slowly, but at a steady rate of progress.
Example Sentence: Slowly but surely, my daughter is learning to ride a bike."

"Idiom： Hit the road.
Explanation: Begin a trip or a drive.
Example Sentence: After squeezing our luggage into the car, we were ready to hit the road."

"Idiom： Back on track.
Explanation: Working well again after experiencing problems.
Example Sentence: After losing a few games earlier this month, the team is back on track now."

"Idiom： Back to the drawing board.
Explanation: Have to start again or try another idea.
Example Sentence: The client hates my design for the company logo, so it's back to the drawing board."

"Idiom： Let somebody off the hook.
Explanation: Not to punish somebody.
Example Sentence: It was the first time Raul had been caught speeding, so the police let him off the hook."

"Idiom： Take the law into own hands.
Explanation: Deal with crime without using the legal system.
Example Sentence: Seth took the law into his own hands and confronted the vandals. (vandal: 故意破坏公物者)"

"Idiom： Toe the line.
Explanation: Follow or conform to the rules.
Example Sentence: Carla refused to toe the line and wear the same uniform as the other students."

"Idiom： Put one's foot down.
Explanation: Make a firm decision.
Example Sentence: Pedro's father put his foot down and refused to let him watch TV."

"Idiom： Twist one's arm.
Explanation: Put pressure on somebody.
Example Sentence: Leah's manager twisted her arm, and she agreed to work late."

"Idiom： Win it hands down.
Explanation: Win it easily and with little effort.
Example Sentence: Melissa did really well in the race. She won it hands down."

"Idiom： Nail it.
Explanation: Be successful, popular, or accurate.
Example Sentence: Jane really nailed it with her jokes. The audience loved her."

"Idiom： An overnight success.
Explanation: Successful very quickly.
Example Sentence: Nathan's first book was an overnight success. It sold a million copies in a month."

"Idiom： The dizzy heights. (dizzy: 头晕目眩的)
Explanation: A very important position.
Example Sentence: Tyler has finally reached the dizzy heights of head chef."

"Idiom： Fall flat on your face.
Explanation: To fail completely, usually in an embarrassing way.
Example Sentence: Margaret's performance fell flat on its face. She can't sing!"

"Idiom： Bring the house down.
Explanation: Greatly impressed an audience. To make everyone laugh or cheer, especially at a performance in the theatre.
Example Sentence: The dancers brought the house down with their fantastic performance."

"Idiom： On the ropes.
Explanation: Going badly, or failing.
Example Sentence: Kevin's career is on the ropes. His boss has given him an official warning."

"Idiom： A blue-collar job. (collar: 衣领)
Explanation: A job that involves manual or physical work.
Example Sentence: My dad had a blue-collar job in the construction industry. (construction: 建筑，施工，结构)"

"Idiom： A fat cat.
Explanation: An overpaid and lazy person.
Example Sentence: My boss is a fat cat. He earns lots of money, but doesn't work very hard."
)
