#!/bin/bash

s=$(tput smul)
e=$(tput rmul)

tips=(

"Idiom: Burn the candle at both ends.
Explanation: Working very hard, from the early morning until late at night.
Example Sentence: Nicole's burning the candle at both ends. She must be exhausted."

"Idiom: Go the extra mile.
Explanation: To make a special effort to achieve something, help somebody, etc.
Example Sentence: Leo always goes the extra mile to keep our customers happy."

"Idiom: Left no stone unturned.
Explanation: Did everything possible to solve a problem.
Example Sentence: The police left no stone unturned in their efforts to solve the crime."

"Idiom: Snow under.
Explanation: Extremely busy, or overwhelmed.
Example Sentence: Samire was snowed under with complaints from unhappy customers."

"Idiom: Get one's head down.
Explanation: Concentrate and work hard.
Example Sentence: Kris got his head down and got a degree in Mechanical Engineering."

"Idiom: forty winks.
Explanation: a short sleep, especially during the day.
Example Sentence: I'll feel much better when I've had forty winks."

"Idiom: Put one's feet up.
Explanation: to sit down and relax, especially with your feet raised and supported
Example Sentence: After a long day working at the store, Marc likes to put his feet up and watch TV."

"Idiom: Cut corners.
Explanation: Try to do things quickly and cheaply without thinking of quality.
Example Sentence: If you cut corners to save time, the quality of your work will suffer."

"Idiom: Not lift a finger.
Explanation: Do absolutely nothing.
Example Sentence: Carmen was so lazy. He didn't lift a finger to help us clean up after the party."

"Idiom: A slacker.
Explanation: A very lazy person.
Example Sentence: Brandon is a slacker. He looks at his phone all day and ignores the customers."

"Idiom: At a snail's pace. (snail: 蜗牛)
Explanation: Extremely slowly.
Example Sentence: The traffic usually moves at a snail's pace during the rush hour."

"Idiom: Forge ahead. (forge: 形成；伪造；稳步前进；锻造)
Explanation: To move forward quickly; to make a lot of progress quickly.
Example Sentence: The hikers forged ahead in spite of the terrible snowstorm."

"Idiom: Stretch my legs.
Explanation: Go for a short walk after sitting down for a long time.
Example Sentence: I've been at my desk all day. I'm going to stretch my legs and make some coffee."

"Idiom: Blaze a trail. (blaze: 燃烧，闪耀)
Explanation: Do something that has never been done before.
Example Sentence: Our company has blazed a trail with these new environmentally friendly cars."

"Idiom: Set the wheels in motion.
Explanation: Done something to start a process.
Example Sentence: It was Rob's idea. I merely set the wheels in motion.

wheels: [复数] 错综复杂的机构（或系统）"

"Idiom: Slowly but surely.
Explanation: Slowly, but at a steady rate of progress.
Example Sentence: Slowly but surely, my daughter is learning to ride a bike."

"Idiom: Hit the road.
Explanation: Begin a trip or a drive.
Example Sentence: After squeezing our luggage into the car, we were ready to hit the road."

"Idiom: Back on track.
Explanation: Working well again after experiencing problems.
Example Sentence: After losing a few games earlier this month, the team is back on track now."

"Idiom: Back to the drawing board.
Explanation: Have to start again or try another idea.
Example Sentence: The client hates my design for the company logo, so it's back to the drawing board."

"Idiom: get (sb) off the hook, let sb off the hook.
Explanation: to free yourself or sb from a difficult situation or a punishment
Example Sentence: It was the first time Raul had been caught speeding, so the police let him off the hook."

"Idiom: Take the law into your own hands.
Explanation: Deal with crime without using the legal system.
Example Sentence: Seth took the law into his own hands and confronted the vandals. (vandal: 故意破坏公物者)"

"I'll give Brown one more warning and then if he doesn't ${s}toe up${e}, I'll send him the bill.

to say or do what somebody in authority tells you to say or do, even if you do not share the same opinions

toe：脚趾。这里作动词，原意为把脚尖对上线，站成一排。也作toe the line,toe the mark. "

"Idiom: Put one's foot down.
Explanation: to be very strict in opposing what sb wishes to do
Example Sentence: Pedro's father put his foot down and refused to let him watch TV."

"Idiom: Twist one's arm.
Explanation: to persuade or force somebody to do something
Example Sentence: Leah's manager twisted her arm, and she agreed to work late."

"Idiom: Win (sth) hands down.
Explanation: Win it easily and with little effort.
Example Sentence: Melissa did really well in the race. She won it hands down."

"Idiom: Nail sth.
Explanation: to achieve something or do something right, especially in sport
Example Sentence: He nailed a victory in the semi-finals."

"Idiom: An overnight success.
Explanation: Successful very quickly.
Example Sentence: Nathan's first book was an overnight success. It sold a million copies in a month."

"Idiom: The dizzy heights. (dizzy: 头晕目眩的)
Explanation: A very important or impressive position.
Example Sentence: Tyler has finally reached the dizzy heights of head chef."

"Idiom: Fall flat on your face.
Explanation: To fail completely, usually in an embarrassing way.
Example Sentence: Margaret's performance fell flat on its face. She can't sing!"

"Idiom: Bring the house down.
Explanation: Greatly impressed an audience. To make everyone laugh or cheer, especially at a performance in the theatre.
Example Sentence: The dancers brought the house down with their fantastic performance."
)

unset s
unset e

